Docs: Updates Burrow Integration Documentation (#1334)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/integrations/burrow_example.rst

> 	            "030033")

Reviewer: Could You correct link in code above (line 6):
```
To interact with Iroha, we will be using a `Python Iroha client <https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/master/getting_started/python-guide.html>`_. Assuming Iroha node is listening on a local port 50051, the client code will look something like:
```
into:
```
To interact with Iroha, we will be using a `Python Iroha client <https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/getting_started/python-guide.html>`_. Assuming Iroha node is listening on a local port 50051, the client code will look something like:
```

> 	emit Sent(msg.sender, receiver, amount);

Reviewer: BTW. please in line 130 make comments in one column, so instead of:
```
	params = ("40c10f19”                                                             # selector
	          "000000000000000000000000f205c4a929072dd6e7fc081c2a78dbc79c76070b"  # address
	          "00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003e8"  # amount
	         )
```
please:
```
	params = ("40c10f19”                                                          # selector
	          "000000000000000000000000f205c4a929072dd6e7fc081c2a78dbc79c76070b"  # address
	          "00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003e8"  # amount
	         )
```

Case 2. Interacting with Iroha state
----------------------------

Earlier we looked at an example of a contract that didn’t interact with Iroha state.
However, in most real life applications one could imagine running on top of Iroha blockchain (like custom business logic in transaction processing or charging transaction fees etc.) being able to interact with Iroha state is indispensable.
In this section we will consider an example of how one can query balances of Iroha accounts (provided the query creator has respective permissions) from inside an EVM smart contract.

Here is a sample code of contact to do so:

.. code-block:: solidity

	contract Iroha {

> 		address public serviceContractAddress;

Reviewer: If the code is somewhere in code I suggest to include its directly from file instead of copy-paste.

Author: I have given the link to file at the end as well, I thought providing a sample code here as well would be good.

Author: Currently there is no fixed source of code in the repository, since it is not merged yet.

				"addAsset(string,string)",
				asset,
				amount);
			(bool success, bytes memory ret) = address(serviceContractAddress).delegatecall(payload);
			require(success, "Error calling service contract function");

			emit Added(asset, amount);
			result = ret;
		}
		//Queries balance of an iroha account
		function queryBalance(string memory _account, string memory _asset) public returns (bytes memory result) {
			bytes memory payload = abi.encodeWithSignature(
				"getAssetBalance(string,string)",
				_account,
				_asset);
			(bool success, bytes memory ret) = address(serviceContractAddress).delegatecall(payload);
			require(success,"Error calling service contract function ");
			result = ret;
		}
	}

In the constructor we initialize the EVM address of the `ServiceContract <burrow.html#running-native-iroha-commands-in-evm>`_ which exposes multiple APIs to interact with Iroha state.
These APIs can be used to query as well as modify the Iroha state. Most of the Iroha commands and queries have been integrated.
This contract calls the *getAssetBalance*, *createAccount*, *addAsset* and *transferAsset* methods of the Iroha *ServiceContract* API.

> We need to compile the contract above to get the bytecode using a full-fledged Solidity compiler or the Web-based *Remix IDE*.

Reviewer: I suggest to add link to the compiler

Now, we can send transactions from the Python Iroha client to deploy the contract to the EVM and also to call the different functions of the contact.
The contract is deployed in a similar manner as shown above. To call a function of the deployed contract, function signature and it's arguments must be encoded following the ABI specifications.

Here is a sample python code that calls a function of a deployed contract:

.. code-block:: python

	def add_asset(address):
		params = integration_helpers.get_first_four_bytes_of_keccak(
			b"addAsset(string,string)"
		)
		no_of_param = 2
		for x in range(no_of_param):
			params = params + integration_helpers.left_padded_address_of_param(
				x, no_of_param
			)
		params = params + integration_helpers.argument_encoding("coin#test")  # asset id
		params = params + integration_helpers.argument_encoding("500")  # amount of asset
		tx = iroha.transaction(
			[
				iroha.command(
					"CallEngine", caller=ADMIN_ACCOUNT_ID, callee=address, input=params
				)
			]
		)
		IrohaCrypto.sign_transaction(tx, ADMIN_PRIVATE_KEY)
		response = net.send_tx(tx)
		for status in net.tx_status_stream(tx):
			print(status)

> For more examples and how the code works, you can visit `here  <https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/support/1.2.x/example/burrow_integration>`_ .

Reviewer: I know that the PR is not integrated yet, but I suggest to change the link into:
https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/main/example/burrow_integration
```suggestion
For more examples and how the code works, you can visit `here  <https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/main/example/burrow_integration>`_ .
```
because soon the branch `1.2.x` won't be updated, so if the code would be updated link would move into old version.
